c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\background.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\blue_invader.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bullet.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\enemy_ship.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\green_invader.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\red_invader.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\scanlines.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\shield.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ship.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\yellow_invader.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GameFont.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\SpaceInvadersFramework.exe
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\SpaceInvadersFramework.pdb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\GameManagement.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\obj\x86\Debug\SpaceInvadersFramework.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\obj\x86\Debug\SpaceInvadersFramework.exe
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\SpaceInvadersFramework\obj\x86\Debug\SpaceInvadersFramework.pdb
